The Cell class keeps track of three floats:
two for the position on the screen and one for the size
of the Cell.  It also keeps track of two
integers regarding its internal state.  Name
the two integers currState and prevState.

The cell class has one constructor that:
a) allows a user to pick the (x,y) position
   as well as the width of the Cell object
b) the constructor will randomly set the 
current state value  to one of three 
random numbers (0, 1, or 2)
c) the constructor sets the previous state
to the current state

The cell class has action three methods:
1) savePrevious will update the previous state
with the current state value  (no parameters)
2) The newState method has one parameter that
updates the current state value to the parameter

3) the display method picks of four colors for 
the cell base on these conditions:
if the previous state was 0 and the 
current state is 1 we will be blue, 
otherwise if our current state is 1 we are black
otherwise if our previous state was 1
and the current state is 0 we are red
all other cases we are white
after picking the appropriate color we will set the 
stroke to black and draw a rect at our respective 
position and size.

The Particle class has four instance variables
Three PVectors, one to keep track of our location
one to keep track of our velocity, and a final one to keep track of our acceleration
finally we need a float to keep track of our life span.

The Particle class has one constructor with one PVector parameter for the location.
It sets the acceleration to a new PVector of (0, and 0.05) 
the velocity PVector will be a new PVector with a random x between -1 and 1, as well as
a random y between -2 and 0.  The location will be a new PVector object with the same x and y
as the parameter.  Finally, we have a life span of 255 at the start of each particle.

The Particle class has three action methods and one information method.  The isDead() method
returns true if your life span has dropped below 0 otherwise it returns false.  The display() method
will pick a stroke of 0 with an alpha transparency equal to our lifespan.  The stroke weight
will be 2 and the fill will be any color you choose with a alpha transparency of lifespan.
display() will then draw a circle at our location with a size of 12.  The update() proceeds as
follows:  the velocity will increase by the acceleration.  Our location will increase by our 
velocity.  and our lifespan decreases by 2.  Finally the run() method just calls our update() 
as well as our display() method.

 




